I think you meant Planet Scale here (#499)
pilcrowOnPaper/lucia: documentation/content/main/database/prisma.md

}
```

> ## Using Planet Scale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using PlanetScale
```

"PlanetScale" is a single word it seems

Author: Yes, my bad

> Since Planet Scale does not support foreign keys, change `relationMode` to `prisma` inside the schema `datasource`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since PlanetScale does not support foreign keys, change `relationMode` to `prisma` inside the schema `datasource`.
```

ditto
